[theme music]
[seagulls cawing]
[bell dings]
[rattles]
[shutter clicks]
[seagulls cawing]
[Hye-jin humming]
Okay. It's almost done.
[Mi-seon gasps]
-Really?
-[Hye-jin] Hmm?
[Mi-seon] This is all seaweed?
It's way too much.
Yeah, it's weird. It expands so much.
I'm just surprised one little package
expanded this much, you know.
[Mi-seon] If you're craving seaweed soup,
you should just buy an already cooked.
Why not? I mean,
you can't even follow a recipe.
I know. You're right.
I just wanted to do something
for Chief Hong's birthday.
Since it's our first time
celebrating together,
I thought maybe I cook something for him.
[snorts]
-How about a little bite?
-Mm-mmm.
[Hye-jin] I think it's gonna be good.
[Mi-seon] No, thanks.
-Here. I bet it's good.
-No. No.
-I followed the direction.
-Hye-jin.
Come on.
I think it's pretty good.
Open up. Come on.
-No, thanks.
-It's good.
-Nope.
-[blowing]
I don't wanna eat it. No.
[grunts]
[quirky music]
Chief Hong.
[background chatter]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
[Mat-i] Goodness.
Hey, you made it.
-[Yun-gyeong] Come in.
-[Mat-i] Hello.
[Hwa-jeong] Welcome. Hi there.
-Hello.
-[Nam-suk] Come in.
Sit down here. That spot is the coolest.
It's nice.
-Have a seat.
-[Geum-cheol] I'm working on it.
Sit there.
[Hye-jin] Okay.
-[Bo-ra] Hey, give me that.
-[I-jun] Wait, Bo-ra.
[whispers]
What's going on? Why is everybody here?
Ah. It's a yearly thing.
[Du-sik] I tell them not to,
but they still do this every year.
-Ah.
-[Mat-i] Gosh.
Suk-ja, bring lots of japchae over here.
[Suk-ja] Okay. I should bring more.
This is good.
[Mat-i] I'm going to serve
the seaweed soup now.
-[Hwa-jeong] How many bowls?
-How many?
Two, four, six… um, 13.
-Nam-suk, you forgot to count yourself.
-[chuckles]
Fourteen. I didn't count myself.
Where's Yeong-guk, by the way?
Who knows? He hung up on me.
Oh, well, that's cold.
-♪ Happy birthday ♪
-What are you doing?
Are you singing already?
-Gotta get my voice good and warmed up.
-That's absurd. Ugh.
What? You guys are here already?
[Chun-jae] Seriously?
[all] ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
-♪ Happy birthday, dear Chief Hong ♪
-♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
[all cheering]
Ah. I told you this wasn't necessary.
-[Gam-ri] Let's get--
-This only happens once a year.
-We have to celebrate it, you know.
-[Chun-jae] Okay, okay.
Blow them out. Blow, blow, blow.
[blowing]
[all cheer]
[Du-sik] Thank you, guys.
-All right, now, you have to cut it.
-[Cho-hui] Yeah.
-[Ju-ri] Oh. I have the knife.
-[Hwa-jeong] Go ahead.
-[Chun-jae] Do it with her.
-Oh.
-Okay.
-[Ju-ri] Hurry up, Dr. Yoon.
Come here.
[chuckles]
-All right.
-Gam-ri, they look so good together.
Look at them. Don't you think so?
They do. So good.
Uh, seems like almost like
an engagement party.
Let's not get too far ahead of ourselves.
[Yun-gyeong] Aww. Reminds me of the cake
at our wedding.
Honey, remember our cake?
[Geum-cheol] Hmm? What? This is good.
-Ah.
-[Chun-jae] He's so useless.
[Du-sik] You idiot.
-[Yun-gyeong] Go ahead and cut the cake.
-[Ju-ri] Yeah, do it.
-[Yun-gyeong] Yay!
-Congratulations.
-Now I got good one.
-[all cheering]
Thanks, everybody. Thank you.
-[applause]
-[Du-sik] Thank you. Bravo.
[door closes]
What you got there?
Oh, this? It's… I made some seaweed soup.
But you had some already.
Oh. You made it?
Yeah.
Let me see it. Let's see.
-Oh. What for?
-I can have another bowl.
Seaweed is good for you.
-Let me see.
-Oh, you don't have to that.
I want to.
All right.
Ooh. Looks delicious.
[slurps]
Mm.
-Mm.
-It's good? Is it good?
I like it.
Mm.
It's tasty.
-[plate clatters]
-[Mi-seon groans]
It's so salty.
[sucks teeth]
So salty.
-It even smells salty.
-[quirky music]
No one deserves to eat that.
[Hye-jin] Are you serious?
Mm. It's good.
I'm so glad. See, I can cook a little too.
-Let me have some.
-Uh, no. This is all gonna be for me.
-Ah. Share some with me. Oh, come on.
-No, I'm gonna have it all.
Is it really that good?
You know this is like part of my present.
-Let me have some of it.
-No, it's mine.
Hey, I made it,
so I should have a sip too.
-[Du-sik] It's for me, though.
-[Hye-jin] I made it.
-[Du-sik] You can't take it back.
-Give it to me.
-[Du-sik] Why?
-I want some of it.
[Du-sik] No, you can't.
It's my birthday gift, so it's all mine.
[Hye-jin] But I made it.
-[Du-sik] So? It's too tasty to share.
-[Hye-jin] How greedy.
[Du-sik] All right.
-[groans]
-[women laughing]
All right. So who's ready for watermelon?
[Geum-cheol] Sounds great. I'll take some.
-[Gam-ri] Mm.
-Yeah. Okay, good.
How should I cut this?
-[Hye-jin] It looks so tasty.
-[Nam-suk] Oh. Wait a minute.
I forgot I have something urgent.
So sorry.
-[Hye-jin] Sorry?
-I'm afraid I have to be heading out now.
-What do you mean?
-[Chun-jae] What, Ju-ri?
-You left that thing?
-[Nam-suk] Right.
[Ju-ri] Uh… No. No.
-[Nam-suk] The, uh--
-[Chun-jae] You know, that thing.
-[Nam-suk] The DOS goods.
-[Ju-ri] What?
-What? No--
-[Du-sik] Why would you say that now?
-What do you mean?
-I'll buy you one for you. Let's go.
-Bye, everyone.
-[Gam-ri] I should head back home too.
-[Du-sik] You too?
-I'm too sleepy
so I should go home now.
-[Mat-i] Goodness gracious, my butt.
-[Gam-ri] Oh, dear.
My butt hurts too much
from sitting on this bench.
[Suk-ja] Stand up. Stretch your legs.
-[Gam-ri] Gosh, my legs.
-See you later, Chief Hong.
Okay. See you.
-[Hwa-jeong] I should head back too.
-You too?
I should check I-jun's homework.
Let's go, I-jun.
-[Du-sik] Goodbye, then.
-[Cho-hui] We should go too.
-[Du-sik] Goodbye.
-Good night.
[Yun-gyeong] Bo-ra, wake up. Let's go.
-There you go.
-Why is everyone leaving?
-We haven't even started drinking.
-Okay.
Can we taste that at least?
I bet it's expensive.
[whispers]
Take the hint.
Ah. I see.
-[Geum-cheol clears throat]
-[chuckles]
Let's go, Bo-ra.
-She's so sleepy.
-[Geum-cheol] Let's go.
-[grunts]
-[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
-[Yun-gyeong and Geum-cheol] Bye.
-See ya.
-See you guys.
-[Yun-gyeong] Bye. Hurry up.
-Bye.
-[Hye-jin] Bye.
-See ya.
-[Du-sik] Bye.
Bye!
What, are they giving us privacy?
[laughs]
-That acting was pretty bad.
-[chuckles]
-They can't act to save their very lives.
-Oh, yeah.
-Some bad acting.
-Yeah. Pretty bad.
[both laugh]
[Yun-gyeong pants]
-Geum-cheol.
-Huh?
[Yun-gyeong] Can you walk a bit slower?
-[pants]
-[Geum-cheol] Hurry home and rest.
[Yun-gyeong] Oh.
This baby is weighing me down.
Can't you see that I'm carrying Bo-ra?
I'm exhausted too.
-Geum-cheol.
-Yeah?
How about we ask Ms. Yeo
if she watched Bo-ra for us
and go on a date, huh?
-A date?
-Yes.
Things will get pretty chaotic
once the baby comes.
We won't really have much time
to ourselves.
You're having trouble walking right now,
how are we gonna go out?
We need to rest at home
since the baby is due soon.
-Okay?
-Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
Let's go.
-[scoffs]
-[Geum-cheol panting]
[Yun-gyeong breathes heavily]
-[door closes]
-[Du-sik and Hye-jin sigh]
-[Hye-jin] We finally have our alone time.
-[chuckles]
Happy birthday, Chief Hong.
Happy birthday to you.
Ah. Thank you.
How about we have some of this?
-I'll get the glasses.
-Okay.
Hmm. I can't wait.
[Hye-jin] Hmm?
Did you make a new one?
[Du-sik] I made that for you.
[gasps]
Oh, it's for me?
But it's your birthday.
Why am I getting stuff?
[chuckles]
Can't open it yet.
You gotta wait a year.
That long? Wow.
It becomes sweeter when you give it time.
Let's see.
-Where are you going?
-I want to…
I don't want there to be any confusion.
YOON HYE-JIN
The size of your ego is amazing.
I won't deny it.
Will we be able to drink that
-on your next birthday?
-Mm-hmm.
Ah, summer, fall, winter, spring
and then it'll be summer again.
And then what…
a year from now?
I'll tell you that…
it will have gotten
much sweeter.
[chuckles]
I'll open it.
Yes, I'm sure. Yeah.
[soft music]
Mm-hmm.
[birds chirping]
[Yeong-guk clears throat]
Hello.
-[Yong-hun] Oh, hi.
-[Hwa-jeong] Hello.
-Hey there. What brings you here?
-[Gam-ri] You're here.
It's pretty hot, so we thought
we'd stop by and check on them.
-Yeah.
-What are you guys up to?
[Hwa-jeong] Ah. Can't you see?
We're cleaning.
We just come over here.
Unlike someone who seems to need a reason.
Hey, don't act like I'm some bad man.
Ugh, these recyclables
haven't been separated.
Uh, what?
That melon is not ripe.
The stem is too green.
You should've bought
a round one with clearer stripes.
-Mr. Ban, is that coffee?
-Yes, ma'am.
Mr. Chang brought these
just for you wonderful ladies.
-[Gam-ri] Okay.
-[Nam-suk] Is that it?
But I prefer the milk latte ones.
That's what Director Ji gave us.
-Um, we don't have that.
-[Nam-suk laughs]
[Gam-ri] You know what I prefer?
The Belgian chocolate mocha.
-It's really good.
-[laughs]
No, no. The "shake-it-rato" tasted better.
-Is that really the name of it?
-[Suk-ja] No.
-[laughs]
-It's shakerato.
Shake-what? What is that?
[Nam-suk] You should've
gotten those instead.
[Yong-hun] Yeah. We should have.
[Nam-suk] And Mr. Chang,
don't just stand there. Go recycle these.
-Me?
-[Nam-suk] You wanna help out.
This is something you can do.
Set a good example.
Don't be ridiculous.
Let me take care of it.
-I'll just take care of this.
-[Suk-ja] Sure. Go on.
[Nam-suk laughs]
-Gosh. Tsk.
-[Nam-suk] That looks good.
That's heavy.
[Mat-i grunts]
[Nam-suk] Hwa-jeong.
[dog barking in distance]
[Hwa-jeong] What is it now?
[Nam-suk chuckles]
So you said you would discard
your family name if you cheated, huh.
[Nam-suk snickers]
I have no idea what you're talking about.
-What?
[laughs]
Look at you.
Hey, you know you'll never be able
to fool me, right?
[laughs]
-Gosh.
-Hey, you…
-I'll walk up ahead first.
-Oh, yeah?
I have a big group of customers.
It's so obvious that you're trying
to change the subject now.
[Nam-suk] You're unbelievable.
Hold on. Where are they from?
Chung-ho Industry? Chung-ho Cement?
[Hwa-jeong] All right. Just go.
[Nam-suk] But they said
they were coming to my restaurant. Hey!
Enjoy your meal.
-Enjoy.
-[Ji-won] You too.
[indistinct chatter]
What? He's not eating?
No.
[Do-ha sighs]
This is unlike him.
He treated himself to a grand meal
after being told off by the committee.
That's him. But nowadays,
he's refusing to eat anything
He had something yesterday.
I made him drink milk.
-Hmm.
-Whatever. This is all your fault.
-So fix it yourself.
-What'd I do?
I feel like this is the way
of keeping you from quitting.
How much is TCB gonna pay you?
Just negotiate with our company
and ask for a raise.
[Seong-hyeon] Do-ha,
don't be so ridiculous.
[Do-ha] I was worried about you starving.
-And I just wanted her to stay.
-[Du-sik] What do you mean?
You're starving and Ms. Wang is quitting?
Oh, wow. Stuff spread so fast, huh.
I'm getting pork belly by myself.
By yourself? What?
I'm sorry.
I should have kept that to myself.
No. I shouldn't have said what I said.
[sighs]
This won't do. Guys, come with me.
[Do-ha] Uh, where are you taking us?
-[Seong-hyeon] Where are we going?
-[Du-sik] Over there.
Wow, your house is amazing.
Oh. The ceiling is awesome.
It's got amazing lights.
Incredible furniture.
Do-ha wanders all over the place
sometimes. Sorry about that.
[Do-ha gasps]
You have medicinal herbs too.
Oh. Aren't these seomoktae?
Yes, it's a kind of small bean.
How did you know that?
Well, my father has been really ill.
He's a paraplegic.
I heard those beans help blood flow
and paralysis, so I bought some.
Oh, you really care about your dad.
-He's more kind than he appears.
-[chuckles]
What are you talking about?
This face screams kind person.
That's not true.
You look like somebody
who's been up to some tricks, dude.
-[scoffs]
-He's got a point.
-[Do-ha] Oh, you guys are unbelievable.
-[chuckles]
I'm almost done here,
so let's get ready to eat.
All right. Here it is. Ooh, man.
[Du-sik] Eat up, Do-ha.
-[Do-ha] Okay.
-Oh, yeah.
You too, Director Ji.
[Seong-hyeon] Thanks.
Is there a special reason
you're feeding us?
Uh, it's just… I feel a bit, um,
bad for some things.
What things? Is it because Dr. Yoon
picked you over him?
Hey, how did you know?
Well, the llama's back with you.
It would be good for the show.
-Thanks for the meal.
-[Du-sik chuckles]
Uh, that's not it.
It's for stealing drumsticks from you.
Sorry about that.
Appreciate it.
-[Do-ha] Whoa.
-How is it?
This is insanely good.
-Insane, right?
-Totally.
Have a little bitty bite.
[Do-ha] Mm. Oh.
-[Seong-hyeon] Mm.
-[Do-ha] Wow.
It's so tasty.
I make one of the top three
samgyetang dishes in town.
-[Do-ha] Mm.
-You'll crave it again.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
[birds chirping in distance]
[door opens]
Do-ha is doing dishes.
Are you on a power trip
since you're his boss or what?
Maybe I am, subconsciously.
-Whatever. He really wanted to do it.
-Ah.
You really ate very little.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have been so rude
and eaten more than I did.
Is it because Ms. Wang is quitting?
[inhales deeply]
-Well… I guess. Hmm.
-[Du-sik scoffs]
That's when I lost my appetite.
You find out why she's quitting?
She says she just want something different
and work in a new environment.
And you think that's her only reason?
-Don't know.
-A while back,
she told me that
she was an admirer of yours.
You think she just admired you
as a colleague?
-[calm music]
-[gasps]
This slowness of yours
is why you lost Hye-jin.
Hey. You rubbing salt
in my wound now, huh?
You probably have a bigger wound
right now to worry about.
What are you talking about?
You look in more pain
because of this than before.
You even lost your appetite this time.
[breathes deeply]
Let's change perspective.
Who knows? The universe just might have
something in store for you.
[calm music continues]
[Du-sik scoffs]
[Do-ha] I'm done with the dishes.
He's done already. How is he so quick?
[Du-sik] Did he do it properly?
-[sighs]
-[door opens, closes]
Gosh, it must be so tiring
to drive back to Seoul.
Thanks for the great meal, Chief Hong.
You know, my body really needed
that meal. Thanks a lot.
[Du-sik] Hmm.
Uh, that's good. Take this.
What is it?
It's aralia cordata.
It's good for muscles and paralysis.
Make some tea with it
for your father, all right?
-It will be good for him.
-[Do-ha gasps]
Unbelievable. I really
didn't expect such a gift.
[puffs]
Thank you. As his employer,
I really should have bought him lunch.
You're a great guy.
Aw! Come on, don't get emotional now.
All right, now go.
I need to go to work too.
-Bye.
-[Do-ha] Thank you.
-Sure.
-I knew he was a special guy.
-[door opens]
-This was amazing.
-[door closes]
It pains me to admit that. You're right.
You're amazing too.
You're kind toward your former love rival.
You must be a saint.
Yeah, and you just made the saint angry.
-Now come here.
-Huh?
-Come here, you.
-[Do-ha] Oh, what'd I do?
[woman 1] This is it.
-Okay, good.
-[woman 1] Huh? Hye-jin.
[laughs]
-Hello?
-What are you guys doing?
You didn't even call.
We're here for a seminar nearby.
[woman 2] We came early to play golf
and thought we'd say hi.
Remember, I sent you flowers.
I saved your address.
Oh. Great.
I thought it'd be teeming with patients,
but it's pretty empty right now, huh.
Oh, well, uh…
They need appointments.
[all chuckle]
This is exactly
how I pictured your office.
Pretty little spot by the seaside.
Cute for you.
[laughs]
Oh, well, thanks.
-[both women laugh]
-Wait. It reminds me of a dollhouse.
[woman 2] The lobby is small
and so is the office.
-Everything's so small.
-[grunts]
How about coffee?
There's a place close by.
I have a little time. We can catch up.
Yeah. Sure. Uh,
we didn't even walk around,
but I guess we're already done
with the tour then.
[yawns]
Let's go. You two wait outside.
Let me change.
-[woman 1] Okay.
-[woman 2] Sure.
[sighs]
Why are they here?
-Who are they?
-Darn it.
-What's with them?
-Did I wear nice clothes today?
I don't remember.
[groans]
I hope to wear something expensive.
♪ Exercising in the moonlight
Because I can't sleep ♪
[Chun-jae] Two glasses of iced Americano
and one iced vanilla latte.
-Thank you so much.
-Are they your friends?
-Uh, thank you so much.
-You're both very pretty.
Are all the countryside cafes
like this or…
[woman 2] The decorations
and vibe are so tacky.
I know. It's neither a cafe nor a bar.
-Wait--
-[woman 1] What kind of place is this?
Don't embarrass Dr. Yoon.
Oh, right. So then, did you hear
about Gang-uk getting married?
[woman 1] His fiancée is four years
younger than us, Park Min-ji.
Myeongin Hospital director's daughter.
Families are close, I hear.
Oh. Maybe this is a sensitive topic.
Oh, why? They just briefly dated.
Oh. Yeah, I'm totally fine.
I hope they're both very happy.
Tell them that.
[both chuckle]
Do you have any plans to get married?
Come on. That's a bit rude
to ask someone who's single. Right.
-No, I'm seeing someone.
-[Du-sik] Ms. Dentist.
-Oh. Speak of the devil.
-Hey.
-[Nam-suk] "Ms. Dentist."
-Hey, I don't like them.
[Du-sik] What? What are you saying?
[woman 1] Ah.
-Who…
-Hi there. How are you?
We went to college with Hye-jin.
Ah. Nice to meet you.
Ah, goodness,
he's the guy from that photo.
-[woman 2] So he lives here.
-Photo?
-The guy who was chasing you around.
-No.
-Chasing?
-[Hye-jin] That's not true.
-What are you talking about?
-What?
This is my boyfriend.
Sit down, oppa.
[Nam-suk] "Oppa."
-[Chae-jun] Sit down.
-[Nam-suk] Sit, oppa.
Oppa, sit down. The boyfriend.
-[Du-sik clears throat]
-[Nam-suk giggles]
He looks different today.
I mean, mm…
well, he looks healthy and strong.
[both women chuckle]
Right.
We're going golfing tomorrow.
You wanna join us?
[woman 1] A friend of ours is gonna come,
but they bailed on us.
You know, it's pretty hot to play golf.
You'll collapse from the heat.
[woman 1] But we already
reserved the tee time.
Uh, does he know how to play golf?
-Let's go.
-What?
They invited us to play. Let's play.
Just swing and smack
the ball forward, right?
Uh…
[chuckles]
-Oppa.
-Why are you calling me that?
I always call you that.
[chuckles]
I always call him that.
[laughs]
[woman 1] I see.
[quirky music]
[door closes]
Hey. Why did you say you'd go?
Do you even know how to play golf?
What's wrong?
Worried I'll embarrass you or what?
No. That's not why.
They have totally different values
and you too.
I wouldn't want you to be upset.
Uh, don't worry. I'm fine.
Things like that don't faze me.
It's an opportunity,
to prove to your friends
that their narrow-mindedness
isn't the only way.
-Hmm?
-Ah.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
You're impossible.
Uh, do you have any clubs?
Don't you worry.
You can always borrow them.
I think they lend them.
[Du-sik] Thanks for lending them
so early in the morning.
I promise I'll use them very carefully.
Of course. These clubs weren't cheap.
And I only wore this outfit one time.
They're just steel rods and worn clothes.
Anyway, thank you.
Thank you. Ooh, heavy.
[Du-sik] Oh.
Oh, gosh. This is heavy.
What a brazen way to… I mean,
he's sporting my stuff like that.
[groans]
[playful music]
[playful music continues]
-[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
-Thank you.
Let's go.
Oh, hold on a minute.
I have a favor to ask.
What is it?
Can you please use honorifics
when talking to my friends today?
[Du-sik sighs]
-You know, that's--
-I know.
I know you talk to old people
like your friends
because you believe everyone should be
treated equally, Chief Hong. I get it.
I just need just for today
for you to be normal and really polite.
You know that isn't my style.
Do it for me?
-Okay?
-[Du-sik] Okay.
Oh, hey, guys.
-[woman 2] Oh. You're here early.
-[woman 1] Hey.
Oh.
-How are you today?
-Hey, what's…
Hello.
-Such a pleasure.
-Wow.
I barely recognized you.
You're completely different.
Yeah, I was gonna-- Yes, thank you.
[chuckles]
So can you golf?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I mean, yes, ma'am.
Well, shall we all go inside?
Oh, yeah. Let's go.
-[woman 2] Yes.
-[Hye-jin] Let's go.
-Okay.
-[whispers] Wow.
-He looks totally different.
-Good job. You're doing well.
You just keep doing what you're doing.
[tranquil music]
[Hye-jin] Oh. Ho-ho.
Wow. Good shot.
He's pretty good.
Oh, man. Good shot!
-[squeals]
-You're so happy.
-Good shot.
-Oh, yeah.
[woman 2 laughs]
Look, I'm better.
Whoa.
I'll go.
[tranquil music continues]
-Whoo!
-[woman 2 sighs]
-[woman 1] Okay.
-Okay, double.
Thank you very much.
[tranquil music continues]
[Du-sik] That's par.
[giggles]
Nice put the par.
No way.
-Oh.
-[Du-sik] Okay, double.
-Putt's about right.
-[woman 2] Okay.
-[woman 2] Wow. Nice, birdie.
-That was amazing.
-He's such a pro.
-You're really good.
Thank you. Thank you.
-Did you see that?
-Thanks.
[woman 2] You were incredible.
You could become a pro golfer.
-[woman 1] Uh-huh.
-Thanks. Thank you so much.
He's pretty great
at a whole bunch of things.
He has so many talents.
He surfs and is even a certified barista.
He knows how to enjoy life to the fullest.
That's admirable.
They say smart people
are good at sports, right?
He graduated from SNU and is athletic.
-Goodness. You went to SNU?
-Mm-hmm.
May I ask what it is
that you do for a living?
Well, I paint and sail,
and I brew coffee sometimes.
-I don't have a specific job, you know.
-What?
I chose to lead my own life
instead of being led by someone else.
If you can change
your perspective on life a bit,
this lifestyle will bring you joy.
-Is this what some call YOLO?
-Yeah, something like that.
-Ahh.
-Ah. Oh.
You only live once,
and I have everything that I need, so…
A comfortable bed
to sleep in every night and…
got a sturdy surfboard that works well…
and my dream girl sitting beside me, so…
[woman 1] Goodness, you're so romantic.
[woman 2] I agree.
-[chuckles softly]
-[woman 2] I'm so jealous.
You have a wonderful boyfriend.
He's humble not like
the arrogant guys I meet.
-Oh, really? Thank you.
-[woman 2 chuckles]
[woman 1] By the way,
are you thinking about marrying him?
-What?
-Unless you won't get married at all,
people our age
should think that far when dating.
It must be hard for you.
He really seems great,
but you need to be realistic.
That's true.
[birds chirping]
[Du-sik] Ah. Electric cars sure are nice.
They should really improve
the charging infrastructure.
I'll go to the city hall soon and ask them
for more charging stations.
I'd be grateful.
Huh. Gosh.
I have something to ask you.
Uh-oh. Something important.
Uh, when precisely did you first decide
to live this lifestyle?
-Hmm?
-Something must've triggered you.
I'm sure you're aware of
the rumors about
what you were doing those five years.
Yeah, I've heard.
So could you maybe tell me now?
So I came up with some hypotheses.
And one is…
you bought the winning lottery ticket
at the Bora Store.
-[scoffs]
-[Hye-jin chuckles]
-Look at you.
-[both laugh]
That's your hope, not a hypothesis.
I wasn't living here at that point.
Ah. You weren't even here.
You look disappointed.
-I'm not.
-Your face is disappointed.
-No, it doesn't matter.
-No, I'm right.
You're not.
You always think I'm superficial.
You're so mean.
What? Did I do that to you?
[car door closes]
All right.
[playful music]
You were a genius CEO
like Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs?
I was not.
[Hye-jin] Then you were
an assemblyman's aide
who decided to live here
after being let down by politics?
[Du-sik] That's not it.
You are an illegitimate child
of a wealthy family.
Don't speak ill of my grandpa.
-Hmm. I'm sorry.
-[Du-sik sighs]
[playful music continues]
[sighs]
Want some?
Were you a spy, special agent?
Yeah, right.
You went to North Korea
on a special operation.
Does that make any sense to you?
All of your hypotheses sound like a movie.
Then what happened?
And why won't you tell me?
I told you. I don't wanna keep secrets
from each other.
You really have to know?
Mm-hmm.
I had a desk job.
Nothing special. All right?
A normal job?
So why wouldn't you tell me?
[snorts]
This feels a bit unfair now.
This whole time I thought
you've been keeping some huge secret.
But you just worked in an office?
-[Du-sik] Mm-hmm.
-[Hye-jin] Hmm.
What company was it?
There's a bunch of companies out there.
Ah, why does it matter?
I don't work there anymore.
[sighs]
Well, I just, uh…
I wonder if you think
about going back to Seoul ever?
I'm really comfortable here, though.
Hmm.
-Yeah. Right. It's nice.
-What is it?
You still wanna go back to Seoul?
Well, not this minute.
I mean, I don't wanna go back
anytime soon.
I'm just saying
there's a possibility of going back.
[sighs]
Right, there it is.
[Du-sik clicks tongue]
All that golfing has made me famished.
Want some noodles?
Oh. Hmm.
I'll cook some eggs
and add it as a pretty garnish.
[pensive music]
[cutlery clinking]
[sighs deeply]
[cutlery clattering]
-[woman 1] Ma'am.
-Yes?
-[woman] 1 Can you refill our side dishes?
-Which ones?
-[woman 1] Fried shrimp.
-[woman 2] And bean sprouts.
-[woman 1] And some bell peppers too.
-Sure.
-[Hwa-jeong] I'll get them right away.
-[woman 1] Thank you.
YEO HWA-JEONG
[pensive music]
[Yeong-guk] All right.
[Yong-hun] Okay. Hello.
Hey, take a photo.
-[Yong-hun] A photo?
-Yes.
[Yong-hun] Don't look at the camera.
-Go a little further.
-Okay.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-[Yong-hun] That's good.
The filming ended ages ago,
so why is this still in here?
[scoffs]
Everything's still here.
Let's see. The paper with my name on it
that she crumpled up is here.
YEO HWA-JEONG
[pensive music continues]
[sobs]
-[woman] Thank you.
-Enjoy it.
-[woman] Oh, yeah.
-[Hwa-jeong] Good.
[sighs]
Darn it.
How does she still care about me?
And she did that even well despising me.
Oh, no.
-[helper] Huh?
-I'll do the dishes.
You can stop. Call it a day.
Your back hurts.
You don't have any more customers.
Let's just wrap up early today.
No. I'll stay open a while longer.
Make some more money.
[both laugh]
-Okay, I'll go.
-Go home.
-All right.
-And good work today.
-You too.
-Bye.
[melancholy music]
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
[melancholy music continues]
Oh.
When did I doze off?
[grunts]
[exhales]
[sighs]
Let's see.
The dishes are done already?
Did she come back then?
[melancholy music]
[music fades]
I enjoyed the movie.
Me too.
I looked it up beforehand.
You know it's the number one movie out
right now.
Mm.
The pasta was good too.
They're known for their ambience.
It's the number one go-to restaurant
in Chung-ho when you're on a date.
Hmm. Did you look that place up too?
Yeah.
I'm a bit tacky.
I don't know much about these things.
I didn't want to disappoint you.
I'll keep improving.
I'm gonna get better at this.
-[crickets creaking]
-[inhales]
Eun-cheol.
[Mi-seon] Mm…
You don't need to improve.
What?
Even if I watch a terrible movie,
it will still be great
if I watch it with you.
And remember that stir-fried pork
with rice we had?
I thought it was very good and delicious.
[acoustic music]
[Eun-cheol sighs]
Is that true?
There's no manual for dating.
I'd say just follow whatever feels right.
[Mi-seon gasps softly]
[acoustic music rises]
Sorry for hugging you
before we held hands.
I was going to take it slowly,
but you said there's no manual. So…
[acoustic music continues]
[Mi-seon] Mm. Okay.
Well done.
You're quite the smart one.
I bet you could skip more bases.
[acoustic music continues]
[Mi-seon chuckles]
[music fades]
[serene music]
I wonder if you think
about going back to Seoul ever?
[inhales deeply]
I'm really comfortable here, though.
[sighs]
Yeah, right. It's nice.
What is it? You still wanna go
back to Seoul?
He could've said he'd go
even if he didn't mean it.
[snorts]
[sighs]
[serene music continues]
[chuckles]
[rasping]
[serene music continues]
I feel so awkward
because I've never worn a suit before.
Look at me in this. Do I look okay?
Whoa. You look really nice.
-Really?
-Yes.
[both chuckle]
[serene music continues]
I couldn't bear to throw it away.
[closet door closes]
-[wind blowing]
-[waves crashing]
[reporter] Typhoon Gaia
approaching from the south,
is expected to strike
Gangwon Province this afternoon.
According to
the Gangwon Meteorological Office…
-[Geum-cheol] Hey.
-Hey, you're here.
Why'd you call? What's the emergency?
Could you bring in the fruit from outside?
I got the fruit out,
but I couldn't bring it in, so…
Why did you go and do all that
when there's a typhoon coming?
Well, I wanted to sell as much fruit
as possible since we're open.
[sighs]
And what is the point in being so greedy?
[reporter] There will at most
300 millimeters of rain.
Man, that's so much.
-You put out so much fruit.
-[breathes heavily]
Just be nice and help me.
I will. Of course, I will.
[sighs deeply]
[breathes deeply]
[footsteps approaching]
[Seong-hyeon sniffles]
Green tea? What, no coffee?
No. The coffee maker's broken.
Oh. Well…
[Seong-hyeon] How about this?
This will help wake you up.
Okay.
[plastic rustles]
[calm music]
We only have one more shoot left.
Time flies.
That's right.
Will you, uh, be working
on the next show right away then?
No way. I need a rest.
Thanks to someone, I've barely rested
for the past few years.
A show would end,
and I'd think about going on a trip.
Then you'd call every two minutes
and spitball new ideas.
[chuckles]
One time, you flew to where I was.
Um, Rome I think?
No, it was Florence.
Right. Florence.
[both chuckle]
I couldn't even visit anywhere
because I stayed up
brainstorming stuff with you.
He's the worst. What person would do that?
He sounds terrible.
He's unbelievable.
Why did you keep working
with someone like him all this time?
I liked it.
You see…
it felt like I was making doodles
on an invisible sketchbook with you.
We'd come up with ridiculous ideas,
and we'd stumble upon some idea
that would spark our next idea.
It was electrifying.
But? Have you run out of sparks now?
I don't know.
[breathes deeply]
There are sparks all over.
That's the problem.
[thunder rumbles]
-Oh.
-How weird. What are the odds?
That really surprised me.
I thought it was intentional.
-I almost had a heart attack.
-[both chuckle]
[phone buzzes]
-Get your phone.
-Hmm?
-[phone buzzing continues]
-Oh.
Hello?
Hey. It's been ages.
How's Ha-rang?
[blows]
[slurps]
[Geum-cheol grunts]
Is that all?
Yes. Thank you.
[sighs]
Hey, babe, could you stay here
while I go and run to the bathroom?
Yeah.
The baby is pressing down on my bladder.
[grunts, exhales]
-[inhales deeply]
-[Geum-cheol exhales]
-Hey, sweetie, can you tie my shoe for me?
-Sweetie, give me a break. I need water.
-[panting]
-[scoffs]
[Geum-cheol] You're not a kid.
Honey, why would you ask me
something so simple?
[Geum-cheol chuckles]
Jeez.
[sniffles, sighs]
What's wrong?
Oh.
-[sighs]
-Why, why are you crying?
-Okay. I'll tie them for you.
-Oh. It's okay.
-I'll tie them right now.
-No, forget it.
Come on. Are you pouting?
[sobs]
You're pouting.
Uh…
This is all because of the hormones.
Baby needs to come out
for you to feel better.
-[Geum-cheol sighs]
-What?
Feel better? Are you really being serious?
What? Did I mention something weird?
Do you think childbirth is easy?
You know my body gets ripped open.
It feels like all the bones in my body
are broken, then mended again.
-Oh, yes. I see--
-And then, I have to do breastfeeding
right after your body has been
through all that trauma.
Breastfeeding, putting it to bed,
changing its diaper…
So what? I'll feel better then?
Is raising a baby a joke to you?
I never said that.
And I'm greedy?
What did you call me?
[scoffs]
Do you think I work hard just for myself?
I don't wanna work either.
I'm exhausted because our child
is weighing me down. I'm tired!
Okay, Yun-gyeong. Okay. I'm sorry.
[scoffs]
Oh, your words.
I'm lonely, and I'm afraid.
You're a bystander in this whole process.
You have no idea how much I struggle.
My hands and feet are swollen,
my back hurts.
I can't bend over.
It's not possible like this.
Look at what I'm dealing with.
That's why I'm asking you to tie
my stupid shoes. I can't reach them.
-Do you know how frustrating that is?
-I said I'm sorry.
Okay? I'll tie your shoe right now.
Forget it and just leave.
[sobbing]
Just get out of my face.
What's the matter with you?
I can't stand being
in the same room with you. Get out!
-Just leave!
-Ah! Ow!
-Get out now.
-What are you-- Ow!
All right, I'm getting out of here. God.
-I'm leaving!
-[sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[crying]
[wailing]
You stupid ass!
How could it be so hard
to tie my shoelaces?
[wailing continues]
Oh. Wow, it's windy.
I should get ready when it gets here.
[sighs]
[struggling moan]
[grunts]
I'm not tall enough.
Okay.
[sighs]
Oh. I should hurry.
-Mm.
-[tape screeching]
Mm.
-[Hwa-jeong] Goodness. Whoa!
-[Yeong-guk] Hey, hey, hey, hey!
[light music]
What's the matter with you?
How many times did I tell you
you have to be careful?
Why are you yelling so loud?
You almost hurt yourself!
[clicks tongue]
That was nothing.
Hey. Ow. Put me down.
-Ow.
-I was about to anyway.
[Hwa-jeong sighs]
-Why are you here?
-There's a typhoon coming.
I wanted to make sure
I-jun was safe and all.
I-jun is playing the claw machine
with Bo-ra, so…
Mm. Claw machine.
[inhales deeply]
[clicks tongue]
If you're gonna be here, hold my chair.
No, just step back.
I'll do it.
[playful music]
Why would you rip up today's newspaper?
I haven't even read it yet.
Oh. Ooh…
Uh… Uh, hold on.
[Yeong-guk sighs]
Uh…
[wind gusting]
Gosh, it's so windy.
[music stops]
Drink it.
Thank you.
[slurps]
I heard taping up the windows
doesn't really make a difference.
You should stuff paper in the frames.
-Listen carefully. A minute.
-[window clanking]
Yeah. You can barely hear
the windows shaking, right?
-[window clanking]
-[Hwa-jeong scoffs]
You never skip the chance
to compliment yourself.
[chuckles]
That's why it was weird
when you wash the dishes
without saying anything.
[calm music]
[Yeong-guk] Why is she dozing off here?
[calm music continues]
[gloves rustle]
[sighs]
[water trickling]
[Yeong-guk] How did you know it was me?
[Hwa-jeong] How could I not?
There was foam left all over the sink,
and the dish towels were twisted in lumps.
Didn't I tell you
to spray the sink with water
and hang up the dish towels
when you're finished so they don't stink?
How do you still remember that?
[inhales deeply]
I only remember when you had annoyed me.
[calm music continues]
Sorry.
I was a terrible husband, wasn't I?
Where is this coming from?
[laughs]
I didn't poison your coffee.
I mean it.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
I'm gonna say, uh, something to you.
[music stops]
About the guy you were talking about
with Ms. Cho.
A judicial scrivener, was he?
It seems like a nice enough man, you know.
[scoffs]
You want me to date this guy then?
Not all guys behave like me.
You deserve to meet someone nice
and live happily after me.
-You're done, so…
-[mug clatters]
…go.
Hey, but I didn't even drink any.
So that's what you had to say here today.
I've already planned to meet him soon. So…
Huh?
Ah.
Oh. Oh.
Good.
-[clears throat]
-[door opens]
Mom! Dad, how come you're here?
-[Bo-ra] Hello.
-Hey. I came over here to see you, I-jun.
Did you two have fun down there?
-[I-jun] Yes.
-[Bo-ra] Mm-hmm.
Did you win anything?
[Bo-ra] We didn't play.
We just had ice cream.
-[Hwa-jeong] Ooh. You just had ice cream?
-[Bo-ra] Yes.
-[Hwa-jeong] I bet it was delicious?
-[I-jun] Yes.
[Hwa-jeong chuckles]
Will you play tomorrow too?
-[Bo-ra] Of course.
-[Bo-ra and Hwa-jeong laugh]
YOON HYE-JIN
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Geum-cheol] Ding-dong. Ding-dong.
[Du-sik] Get out.
[sighs]
But I just got here.
You're not being very welcoming
to your guest. Are you?
I prefer typhoon over you.
[sighs]
What's going on?
I'm taking refuge
from my wife's terrifying nagging.
I'm sure you deserved it.
And you merely assumed
what happened was my fault?
Yes. I'm sure it was.
[groans]
Yeah, you're right.
But she blew up at me, though.
Do you know what I'm going through?
She told me that I was just a bystander,
and I was being unsupportive.
She bottled it all up.
She's probably overworked.
It's been hard for her.
-Are you serious?
-Hey.
She used to go out and be social everyday.
She was friends with everyone.
What about now? How is she?
She's busy working, raising a kid,
another one on the way.
She's performing other roles now,
and she's missing someone herself.
Don't you remember what she did
when she got pregnant with Bo-ra?
She asked you to marry her.
She must've been more scared than you
and really wanted to make it work.
[sighs]
Geum-cheol, it isn't that
she's more mature than you are.
She's still young, so it must be hard.
What should you do?
You bastard.
You always say the perfect things.
So see you later. Go on.
I was just about to go.
-Go straight home.
-I have nowhere else to go anyway.
Your umbrella.
-[door opens]
-Ah, who cares?
[door closes]
-[birds squawking]
-[waves crashing]
POST
[rain pouring]
BORA SUPERMARKET
[Hye-jin] Hello.
[Yun-gyeong sobbing]
-[flustered exhale]
-[Hye-jin gasps]
[Yun-gyeong laughs awkwardly]
Hey, how are you?
Um, don't worry about this.
I'll clean it up.
No, please sit down. Let me.
[plastic rustling]
Oh, you want me to tie your shoes?
It must be difficult to bend forward.
-Thank you. I appreciate that.
-Oh.
[sniffles]
[laughs awkwardly]
Oh. Did something happen?
Ah. No. No, nothing.
[sighs]
I just… I'm envious of you.
-That's all. I know it's stupid.
-Oh.
Why would you envy me?
It's just that…
I feel so sorry for myself these days.
You have your own life you're living so…
You have a well-respected job,
and you have a new man now.
-[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
-But I find your life more admirable.
Huh? No. What makes you say that?
Your being a mother, I know it's not easy.
Though I know that
you've been a mother for a while now.
-[chuckles]
-And you're doing a really good job.
-I truly respect you for that.
-[chuckles]
Yeah. Oh, thank you.
Uh, our sweet Bo-ra is…
[chuckles]
…quite amazing.
-I agree with you.
-[both chuckle]
[gasps, grunts]
-[tense music]
-Oh, no. What, what's wrong?
What should I do?
I think my water broke.
[grunts]
-[thunder rumbles]
-[soft gasp]
[phone ringing]
Huh?
[ringing continues]
Ah. Bastard left his phone.
Ugh.
-Geum-cheol's--
-[Hye-jin] Hello, Mr. Choi.
[Yun-gyeong moaning in pain]
Ms. Dentist?
-Why do you have Mr. Choi's phone?
-[yelps]
Uh, Geum-cheol left his phone
over here. So I…
-Really? Oh, no. Please, can you…
-[Yun-gyeong groaning]
…come over to the supermarket right now?
Why? What's going on?
[both grunt]
-She's squeezing my hand.
-I'm sorry!
Okay, so, Yun-gyeong's water just broke.
[gasps]
I'm on my way.
[dramatic music]
Come on. Get the umbrella.
[Yun-gyeong moaning in pain]
[Du-sik] Watch out. Go.
-[groaning]
-[Du-sik] I'm closing the door.
[heavy breathing]
-Are you all right?
-Yeah.
But the contractions,
I think they've been getting shorter.
-Oh, really?
-Yes.
[Du-sik] Hold on.
[Yun-gyeong breathes heavily]
[line beeps, ringing]
[Eun-cheol] Hello? Du-sik.
Yeah. It's me. Hey, Eun-cheol.
I need to find your brother.
-I haven't seen him.
-That bastard did this.
[moaning in pain]
Yun-gyeong is going to labor.
I'm driving her to the hospital
right now. All right?
See if you can find Geum-cheol. And…
Songjin is blocked because of a rockslide.
-The roads here are flooded too.
-What?
So when can we leave?
I can't say.
The rain has been pouring for a while.
[sighs]
It's no use calling an ambulance either.
-[groans]
-[Du-sik] Okay. Let me hang up.
[line beeps]
[grunting]
-Yun-gyeong.
-Yes?
How many weeks are you now?
I'm at 39.
[groans]
How much does it weigh?
It weighed three kilograms last week
in the doctor.
Did they say if it was breech?
Or do you have
gestational diabetes or preeclampsia?
No. No.
Chief Hong, let's drive. Go to my house.
-What?
-She can't give birth here.
But you're a dentist.
What are you gonna do?
-[yelping]
-I'm her only option.
Come on. Now.
BORA SUPERMARKET
Oh. It's really windy.
Mm, we've had some bad ones before.
This is nothing compared to those.
Which one? You mean Rusa
from like 20 years ago?
Ah. No. There was a terrifying one.
The one in 1959.
I don't remember the name of it.
-Sarah.
-Ooh. That's right.
-Oh.
-[phone ringing]
Sarah.
-[both gasp]
-[ringing continues]
[beeps]
Uh, who is this?
Hello, Grandma? It's Du-sik.
Uh, Yun-gyeong is in labor,
about to give birth.
[screaming in pain]
I'm sorry, what?
And we can't go to the hospital right now.
We have Ms. Dentist delivering.
You've delivered babies at home before.
Do you have any tips for us?
Okay. Just let me talk with her.
All right?
Okay.
Hi, Ms. Kim. Hello. You're on speaker.
Just listen to me carefully now. Okay?
-[panting]
-[rain pouring]
What? Why is the doorlock open?
Why are all the lights out?
[sighs]
Did she go back home because of the rain?
[heavy breathing]
-[dial tone]
-[keypad beeping]
[line ringing]
Oh. Yun-gyeong…
[soft gasp]
[breathes heavily]
[Hye-jin] Yun-gyeong,
I may not be an OB-GYN doctor,
but Ms. Kim told me what to do.
Just breathe, okay?
I took many anatomy classes.
I'll do my best, so don't worry
too much. Okay?
[pants]
Thank you for being here.
We're both in your care now.
Do you know the Lamaze breathing method?
-Yes.
-Hm, hm, hoo.
There are three steps.
Twice…
[inhales]
…and once…
[exhales]
-[Hye-jin] Hm, hm.
-[inhales, sighs]
[straining]
[door banging]
[banging continues]
-Come in.
-[Geum-cheol] Oh! Huh.
Where the hell have you been?
-Where's Yun-gyeong? Where is she?
-She's in labor.
-Yun-gyeong!
-Oh, wash your hands first.
-Okay.
-Use that bathroom.
[panting]
Take this.
[pensive music]
[huffs]
-Yun-gyeong! Yun-gyeong! Are you okay?
-[Yun-gyeong gasps]
[wailing]
Where have you been?
I've been waiting for you!
I'm sorry, Yun-gyeong.
I went to buy the fruit you love so much.
[crying]
But it was pouring rain the whole time.
I started having contractions,
but nobody know where you were.
I was scared to death!
-I thought you were leaving me!
-Don't worry. Everything will be okay.
I'm here now. Right here, baby.
[screaming in pain]
Dr. Yoon, can I stay in the room with her?
-Yes, of course.
-[Geum-cheol] Yun-gyeong.
Yun-gyeong, do the breathing again.
Push a bit more, okay?
[Yun-gyeong straining]
[Hye-jin] Good.
-Yes.
-[Yun-gyeong screaming]
[thunder rumbles]
[light music]
[light music continues]
[rain pouring]
[sobbing]
Mom…
[sobbing continues]
-Mom…
-[door closes]
[Bo-ra crying]
[I-jun] Why are you out here?
Did you wake up?
[crying continues]
What will happen to her?
Don't worry too much, Bo-ra.
She'll be okay.
I heard some ladies saying
childbirth is very painful.
[sobs]
What if my Mom die?
Mom…
-[I-jun sighs]
-[thunder rumbles]
Mom…
[Bo-ra crying]
[gentle music]
You know what?
Making a wish when lightning flashes
makes it come true.
-Oh, really?
-Yes.
I read it in a book once.
So make your wish, Bo-ra.
I pray that my sibling
will be born healthy.
[Bo-ra] I pray that
my mom won't be in pain.
[I-jun] We beg you.
[Bo-ra crying]
What if the lightning
only makes one of my wishes come true?
[coughs]
Then we'll pray again
when another one flashes.
[gentle music continues]
[thunder rumbles]
I pray that my sibling
will be born healthy.
I pray my mom won't be in pain at all.
We beg you. Please.
[thunder rumbles]
[Du-sik sighs]
[Yun-gyeong screaming]
[Geum-cheol grunting]
[Geum-cheol] Oh!
[Yun-gyeong] You son of a bitch!
-[screaming]
-[Hye-jin] Please calm down.
-[Yun-gyeong] You little…
-[Geum-cheol yelps]
-[sighs]
-[pained scream]
-[Yun-gyeong] You crazy bastard!
-[Geum-cheol yelps]
[Yun-gyeong] I told you it was too much
and that we could only have one kid!
Honey. Sweetie. Yun-gyeong.
Let go. Please.
-[Geum-cheol] Anything but the hair.
-[Yun-gyeong grunting]
You little prick!
[both yelp]
You convinced me to have another baby.
How dare you ask for another one
when I have to do the work?
Do you know
how much pain I'm in right now?
Yun-gyeong, don't waste your strength
on him. Push. You need to push.
Push a bit more.
-Yun-gyeong, Yun-gyeong, listen to her.
-[Hye-jin] Squeeze.
I've been losing a lot of hair lately.
You know hair loss runs in my family.
Yun-gyeong, if you don't let go,
your husband will be bald.
I don't care. I'm gonna kill you tonight!
[both screaming in pain]
Don't waste your strength, okay?
Give me a big squeeze. Squeeze a bit more.
Try giving birth yourself
and find out how much in pain you're in.
Okay. Just grab his hair.
[both screaming in pain]
[shrieking]
Yun-gyeong! I see the head!
-[Hye-jin] Squeeze for the last time!
-[Geum-cheol yelling]
-[Hye-jin] Push!
-[both screaming in pain]
[calm music ends]
[Du-sik sighs]
[sniffs]
[exhales]
[baby crying]
[crying continues]
[baby cooing]
[Geum-cheol] You did well.
You did a great job, Yun-gyeong.
-[Yun-gyeong] Honey.
-[Geum-cheol] Hmm?
Our baby has all ten fingers
and toes, right?
Of course. I already counted them.
That's a relief.
[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
[sobbing]
Oppa. You crying?
[quivers]
Yun-gyeong, I'm sorry.
I was so inconsiderate.
I'm sorry, it was so painful
to give birth to our kids.
I'm truly sorry.
[Yun-gyeong] I'm all right. Okay?
-It was painful…
-[baby coos]
…but I got a beautiful baby.
[Geum-cheol] Yun-gyeong.
I'm sorry. Thank you so much.
I'll do better. Okay?
Then promise to make sure
you'll change all the baby's diapers.
Hmm. I'll do it. I'll do everything.
[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
[sniffles]
-Can you help me get up? Just a little.
-Mm-hmm.
Uh, shouldn't you be lying down?
This is fine. Don't worry.
Thank you so much, Hye-jin.
You help me give birth to a healthy baby.
Oh, I should be thanking you
-for having trust in me.
-[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
Dr. Yoon, you wanna hold my baby now?
Can I?
-I, I have never held a baby before.
-[Yun-gyeong] Yes, you have.
You delivered the baby.
[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
You're right.
Hmm. Come on.
[exhales]
-Oh.
-[baby coos]
[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
-[exhales]
-[knocks on door]
-[Du-sik] Excuse me.
May I come in?
Sure.
[tranquil music]
[chuckles]
Whoa…
-Chief Hong, can you believe it?
-[sighs]
-Even this one takes after Geum-cheol.
-[Yun-gyeong chuckles]
-Yun-gyeong, your genes must be too weak.
-[Yun-gyeong] Oh, I know.
Tell me about it. I did the work.
It's so unfair.
-[chuckles]
-You've done so well. Congrats.
Now the family has two beautiful kids.
[Geum-cheol] Du-sik.
Thanks, buddy.
[Yun-gyeong scoffs]
Well, well, well…
[sighs]
[Yun-gyeong chuckles softly]
-Ooh, hello.
-[chuckles]
Isn't the baby so cute?
Oh, yeah.
Why don't you hold the baby yourself?
Oh, whoa, uh, I don't think so.
-You should hold the baby.
-It's okay.
-Be careful.
-Here we go.
[breathes deeply]
[tranquil music continues]
Hello…
and welcome to the world.
[music fades]
[Hye-jin sighs]
Did it wipe you out?
[Hye-jin] It did.
My entire body feels drained.
That's because it's over.
You did great.
I'm proud of you. I really am.
[chuckles]
I'm also proud of myself.
Where did you get the bravery
to do all that?
At that moment,
all I could think was save Yun-gyeong
and that pretty baby.
-I'm afraid I'll have to retire now.
-Hmm?
Whenever something urgent
pops up in Gongjin,
everybody's gonna look for you, not me.
-[both laugh]
-Oh, please.
[sighs]
I'm so sleepy.
Have a nap.
But where? My bedroom's taken.
At my house then.
Okay.
[breathes deeply]
Let me just change my clothes, okay.
-What if she wakes up?
-I'll be quiet.
-[birds chirping in distance]
-[door closes]
[Hye-jin] Goodness.
Watch your step.
[Hye-jin] Gosh.
[Du-sik] Here.
-Give me that.
-[Hye-jin] Okay.
-[Hye-jin] Oh.
-[Du-sik] Mm.
[Hye-jin] Mm.
[inhales deeply]
Get some rest.
What about you?
I'm sure you want some sleep too.
I can sleep on the sofa.
No, just sleep right here next to me.
Sleep here next to me. Come on.
[sighs]
[Du-sik] Okay.
[Du-sik sighs]
You were really amazing.
Amazing.
It felt strange, though.
Why?
I never thought of myself as a kid person.
Yeah, but then I held that baby,
I got emotional.
[chuckles]
It was so tiny, so warm and so soft.
It's crazy that little thing
brought so much happiness to us all.
I'm sure you brought happiness
to many people
when you were born, Hye-jin.
I'm sure you too.
[chuckles]
Then I started to have this thought.
"My parents gave me so much in life
I gotta do my best to find happiness."
[pensive music]
Chief Hong.
-Hmm?
-In the future…
Way in the future…
You know everyone thinks about it.
When you're ready to have your own kids,
how many kids you would wanna have,
how you want a boy or a girl
for your first child.
Have you thought about
any of those things at all?
[sighs]
I'm not sure.
I've never really…
thought about it before.
[pensive music continues]
WHAT MEN LIVE BY BY LEO TOLSTOY
[Du-sik] Why aren't you sleeping?
Uh…
Why are you going through my books?
[breathes deeply]
I'm sorry.
No. I didn't mean that. I overreacted.
Who's that in that picture?
They're just some people.
[book thuds]
Let's go.
Will you keep doing that?
What?
"Just some people." "Just a desk job."
[inhales]
Will you continue just giving
vague information?
I have shown you everything.
My father, my stepmother,
even my stupidly drunk self.
I don't mind showing my true self to you.
You don't feel the same?
[tranquil music]
[breathes deeply]
You see,
I was so jealous of Yun-gyeong today.
Having someone promised to stick by her
through all the really difficult times.
You kept your promise
about my bucket list wishes.
Told me we do all sorts of things.
But why won't you do
the most important one?
Why won't you tell me about yourself?
[tranquil music continues]
Why is it so difficult for you?
'Cause you see,
I really, really like you.
So I want to know…
what kind of life you've lived
and what you're thinking.
I have been dreaming of the day
you and I become family.
[tranquil music rises]
Now will you say something back?
[music stops]
Sorry.
["Wish" by Choi Yu-ree playing]
Why are you becoming someone else?
You're drifting away.
Why are you changing?
Why are you becoming a stranger?
What's happening?
Who are you?
I don't know.
[exhales]
I'm not sure who I am.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
["Wish" by Choi Yu-ree continues]
Here you go, Bo-ra, have some pork rinds.
I-jun, your meat is on this side.
What about the bean powder?
It's right here. You know about eating
pork rinds, don't ya?
Go ahead. Eat up.
-[Bo-ra and I-jun] Thank you.
-[Du-sik] Of course.
[Du-sik sighs]
[Seumseum squeaking]
-Do you like Seumseum as well?
-Of course. I love all sorts of animals.
Dogs, cats, hedgehogs.
[chuckles]
Then how come
you didn't take care of him before?
Bo-ra, it's rude to bring up
the past like that.
I-jun, do you wanna die?
Violence is bad.
[I-jun] You should stop right now.
[Du-sik] I think…
I'm still afraid of saying…
goodbye.
["Wish" by Choi Yu-ree playing]
-[chimes]
-[birds squawking]
-[sobbing]
-[Hwa-jeong] What's the matter?
[Hye-jin] Do you know why he quit his job
and came back to Gongjin?
[Hwa-jeong] What may be easy
for one person
can be something difficult for another.
[Hye-jin] I think
we need to have some time apart.
[Seong-hyeon] Just be honest.
Show her what kind of person you are.
And let her decide how she feels about it.
Du-sik. Eat a lot of good food,
and be happy.
[sobbing]
I'm sorry.
[Hye-jin] I hate
being in the dark about things.
I don't like uncertainty,
it's not something I do.
What I'm saying is…
Hye-jin.
["Wish" by Choi Yu-ree ends]